You need to write a program that will analyze a certain text (in a text file) 
for the frequency of words that occur in it. 
For examples of text, you can take text from Wikipedia and other popular 
English-language sites.

Your program must accept exactly two arguments from the command line: the name 
of the file that you will analyze, and the name of the report file to which 
you will write the result of your analysis:

freq.exe <input file> <report file>
The report file will look like this:

<word>: <how many times encountered in text>
<word>: <how many times encountered in text>
<word>: <how many times encountered in text>
Example. If your file contains the following text:


My home is in New York. I don't like living there though. 
I believe living in Europe would suit me better, in any case.
Then your report file should look like this:

in: 3
I: 2
living: 2
My: 1
home: 1
is: 1
New: 1
York: 1
any: 1
case: 1
don't: 1
like: 1
there: 1
though: 1
believe: 1
Europe: 1
would: 1
suit: 1
me: 1
better: 1
Criteria for building a program (ATTENTION: your homework WILL NOT be accepted 
if ALL of these criteria are not met):

The program must accept EXCLUSIVELY two arguments. 
If there are less than two arguments, more than two, or if any of the 
arguments is not the real name of a real existing 
file - the program must NOT run with errors, but display a 
message about a specific error and exit the program 
(without executing the file analysis algorithm). This is REQUIRED.
The report should be sorted so that the 
frequencies of the words are from the highest to the lowest. 
That is, 3 at the top, then 2, then 1, etc. As in the example.
There should be no punctuation marks at the end of the words. 
That is, do not count 'word.' and 'word' as separate words. 
Remove the comma from the end and count as 'word: 2'.
Different case of words makes them different words: 
"Word", "word", "WorD" are all different words.
The program should not depend on any other text files, 
except for the file with the text that you analyze 
(the name of which is passed in the first argument 
of the command line), and the report file to which 
you write the result. There should be no other text files. 
That is, temporary files are prohibited.
TIP: to store words and frequencies, you should use std::map, 
it exists for such things.